File:    README
Author:  Joshua DeNio
Program: 6
Date:  3/19/2018 

BUILDING THE PROGRAM
   This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
   Linux system.  To build the program, type 'make' to create the 
   executable called 'prog6'

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type 'prog6' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will read test scores from the input file, output them to an output file after sorting
   them and assigning them to letter grades. It will also output a summary file. 

PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the input file testscores.
   
PROGRAM OUTPUT
   The program will output The test scores along with thier corisponding 
   letter grade to the output file testresults and the summary information about the average
   score and deviation to the testsummary file.

PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all the ints in an array.
   as well as names in another array.

   The general algorithm
      read the ints into an array
      read the names into an array
      output the arrays
      sort the arrays
      output the arrays
      output the results to the output files

   Function input and output, preconditions and postconditions can
   be found in the documentation for each file.

FILE INDEX
   file            	 function(s)        description
   --------------   	-----------------  ----------------------
   constants.h       	                  constant declarations
   
   main.cpp         	main               calls all other functions
   
   deviation.cpp	finds the diviation
   
   median.cpp		finds the median
   
   outputSummary.cpp       output             outputs results to testsummary

   outputScores.cpp       output             outputs results to testresults
   
   read.cpp         	read               read from the input file

   sort.cpp         	sort               sorts the arrays ascendingly

   makefile             	               builds executable

   README              	                this file


PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data.  

   Checked for a normal set of data partially filling the array
   
   Checked for the number of values exceeding the array size
   

   There are no known bugs.  Any errors should be reported to:
   Joshua DeNio

